# AGL
A graphics library meant to simplify use of the metal-cpp library

The metal-cpp library is useful but does lack some features. Fortunately I've been able to extend it somewhat to include some things I needed for the library I produce here. This project uses only 'metal-cpp' and the 'assimp' asset importer. I did originally begin with a custom obj/mtl parser but it was impractical to do the same for fbx and other complex types.

This is my first foray into using shaders, MSL in particular. The library can handle several million polygons at a stable rate, currently with a fixed light direction and all buffers are static. At the point when I wish to handle camera movement and multiple objects moving in the scene I will need to look into shared/dynamic buffering, currently this is only a copy of the static class.

One thing I'm planning to add to this is the ability to handle events within the window. Most sources seem to point to either using objective-c or swift for event handling but I'm hoping I'll be able to find a way to do this purely in c++.

I'd also like to build a dependency graph for the classes included in this library. I'm currently not happy with the semi-circular dependencies avoided with forward declaration, but I'd like to keep the pImpl interfaces to abstract the metal dependency from the library user. This lets the examples be generated by only including the AGL library.

Also the current method I use to compile the shader into a byte array that's embedded in the library feels a bit 'hacky', I plan to explore other options for including assets into the library so that it can be packaged as just a dylib along with the includes
